Feature/constistent api (#130)
a-sit-plus/signum: README.md

### Working with Generic ASN.1 Structures

The magic shown above is based on a from-scratch 100% KMP implementation of an ASN.1 encoder and parser.
To parse any DER-encoded ASN.1 structure, call either:

* `Asn1Element.parse(derBytes)`, which will consume all bytes and return the first parsed ASN.1 element.

> This method throws if more than a single toplevel ASN.1 Element it found or if any parsing errors occur.

Reviewer: so "if there are any trailing bytes after the element", right?

Author: true. optimized the code in that respect too.

* `Asn1Element.parseFirst(byteIterator)`, which will try to parse a single toplevel ASN.1 element.

> Any remaining bytes can still be consumed from the iterator, as it will only be advanced to right after the frist parsed element.

Reviewer: spelling: **first**

Author: thx!

> * `Asn1Element.parseAll(byteIterator)`, wich consumes all bytes, parses all toplevel ASN.1 elements, and returns them as list.

Reviewer: this should have a `parse(derBytes)` overload

Author: done

Throws on any parsing error.

> And parsed ASN.1 element can be re-encoded (this is a true re-encoding, since the original bytes are discarded after decoding) by

Reviewer: spelling: **Any**

> Any parsed ASN.1 element can be re-encoded (this is a true re-encoding, since the original bytes are discarded after decoding) by
> accessing the lazily evaluated `.derEncoded` property, just as manually constructed ones can.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`Asn1Element`s can encoded by accessing the lazily evaluated `.derEncoded` property.
Even for parsed elements, this is a true re-encoding. The original bytes are discarded after decoding.
```

The magic shown above is based on a from-scratch 100% KMP implementation of an ASN.1 encoder and parser.
To parse any DER-encoded ASN.1 structure, call `Asn1Element.parse(derBytes)`, which will result in exactly a single
`Asn1Element`.  
In addition, `Asn1Element.parseWithRemainder(derBytes)` returns both the parsed ASN.1 element from the passed bytes' start
and the remaining bytes.

> It can be re-encoded (and yes, it is a true re-encoding, since the original bytes are discarded after decoding) by

Author: i think it is actually an important information, that re-encoding happens, given we're talking DER

> It can be re-encoded (and yes, it is a true re-encoding, since the original bytes are discarded after decoding) by

Reviewer: rephrase then

> It can be re-encoded (and yes, it is a true re-encoding, since the original bytes are discarded after decoding) by

Author: done

    * `Asn1ExplicitlyTagged` (user-specified tag + CONTEXT_SPECIFIC + CONSTRUCTED)
    * `Asn1CustomStructure` (any other CONSTRUCTED tag not fitting the above options. CONSTRUCTED bit may be overridden)

Convenience wrappers exist, to cast to any subtype (e.g. `.asSequence()`). These shorthand functions throw an `Asn1Exception`
if a cast is not possible.  
Any complex data structure (such as CSR, public key, certificate, …) implements `Asn1Encodable`, which means you can:

* encapsulate it into an ASN.1 Tree by calling `.encodeToTlv()`
* directly get a DER-encoded byte array through the `.encodetoDer()` function

A tandem of helper functions is available for primitives (numbers, booleans, string, bigints):

* `encodeToAsn1Primitive` to produce an `Asn1Primitive` that can directly be DER-encoded
* `encodeToAsn1ContentBytes` to produce the content bytes of a TLV primitive (the _V_ in TLV)

Variations of these exist for `Instant` and `ByteArray`.

Check out [Asn1Encoding.kt](indispensable/src/commonMain/kotlin/at/asitplus/signum/indispensable/asn1/encoding/Asn1Encoding.kt) for a full
list of helper functions.

> #### Decoding Values

Reviewer: it feels like this needs a simple overview of the "states" that a given piece of data can be in, and how translate between them

Author: yup. added issue #131  for that

Various helper functions exist to facilitate decoding the values contained in `Asn1Primitives`, such as `readInt()`,
for example. To also support decoding more complex structures, the companion objects of complex classes (such as certificates, CSRs, …)
implement `Asn1Decodable`, which allows for:

* directly parsing DER-encoded byte arrays by calling `.decodeFromDer(bytes)` and `.decodeFromDerHexString`
* processing an `Asn1Element` by calling `.decodefromTlv(src)`

Both encoding and decoding functions come in two _safe_ (i.e. non-throwing) variants:
* `…Safe()` which returns a [KmmResult](https://github.com/a-sit-plus/kmmresult)
* `…orNull()` which returns null on error

Similarly to encoding, a tandem of decoding functions exists for primitives:
* `decodeToXXX` to be invoked on an `Asn1Primitive` to decode a DER-encoded primitive into the target type
* `decodeFromAsn1ContentBytes` to be invoked on the companion of the target type to decode the content bytes of a TLV primitive (the _V_ in TLV)

However, anything can be decoded and tagged at will. Therefore, a generic decoding function exists, which has the
following signature:

```kotlin

> inline fun <reified T> Asn1Primitive.decode(tag: Asn1Element.Tag, decode: (content: ByteArray) -> T) 

Reviewer: is there an overload that doesn't verify the tag? also, shouldn't the tag parameter called `assertTag` (or similar) to more intuitively describe its purpose?

Author: it always verifies, changed the parameter name

Reviewer: in that case, _should there be_ an overload that doesn't? maybe `decode(fn: (tag: Asn1Element.Tag, content: ByteArray) -> T)`?

Author: that is just operating on the `content` bytearray, which is a public property so I don't see the need for that

Reviewer: > it always verifies, changed the parameter name

maybe you did in the actual source, but not in the readme :)
